readme.md, before:

# gfdb.dev

This is my personal website. I plan to use it to display my work experience and skills. Beyond that though, I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it yet. I'd like it to just be a cool place where I can build things and put them on display for people like you to see and interact with. 

# How to Run (frontend)

1. cd into the gfdb-frontend directory
2.  ```npm install```
3.  ```npm start```

# Tech Stack
### frontend
- ReactJS 
### backend
- NodeJS
### physics for nav game
- MatterJS

# Goals for this project
- Learn more about React and javascript in general.
- Build a unique website.
- Learn a bit about UI design.
- Learn a bit about game design.
- It wasn't a goal at the beginning but I ended up brushing up on my physics lol
- Learn to deploy a javascript project to production
- More to come as I go

I'll write more about the site in this readme when there is more to show.

<sub>If you are reading this, try using the arrow keys and the space bar to move the little dude in the navbar.</sub>

Commit message:

refactored game engine, added bodies to nav, updated readme #56 #57 #58
* refactored game enegine to run on Matter.Events #57

* removed log, added todo #57

* fixed memory leak warning #57

* added bodies to nav words #58

* updated readme #56

readme.md, after:

#  gfdb.dev 
![penguin](https://gfdb.dev/penguin/right/penguin_jump03.png "penguin")

This is my personal website. I plan to use it to display my work experience and skills. Beyond that though, I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it yet. I'd like it to just be a cool place where I can build things and put them on display for people like you to see and interact with. 

# How to Run (frontend)

1. ```cd``` into the gfdb-frontend directory
2.  ```npm install```
3.  ```npm start```

# Tech Stack
### frontend
- ReactJS 
### backend
- There is no backend yet lol
### physics for nav game
- MatterJS

# Goals for this project
- Learn more about React and javascript in general.
- Build a unique website.
- Learn a bit about UI design.
- Learn a bit about game design.
- It wasn't a goal at the beginning but I ended up brushing up on my physics lol
- Learn to deploy a javascript project to production
- More to come as I go


# Notes
- If there is something that you would like to see added to the site, please make an issue on the repo, I would love to hear what you think

- If you have any cool ideas to give me insipiration please don't be shy to share them


Also, please give me a star if you think the site is cool 🙏😃


<sub>If you are reading this, try using the arrow keys and the space bar to move the little dude in the navbar.</sub>
